Mth and Nth Alphabets

The program must accept three integers M, N and K as the input. The program must form a string S of length K using the 26
lower case alphabets (a to z) based on the following conditions.
- The 1 alphabet of S must be the M alphabet in the lower case alphabets. Then the program must remove the M alphabet
from the lower case alphabets.
- The 2 alphabet of S must be the N alphabet in the remaining lower case alphabets. Then the program must remove the
N alphabet from the lower case alphabets.
- The 3 alphabet of S must be the M alphabet in the remaining lower case alphabets. Then the program must remove the
M alphabet from the lower case alphabets.
- The 4 alphabet of S must be the N alphabet in the remaining lower case alphabets. Then the program must remove the
N alphabet from the lower case alphabets.
- Similarly, the remaining alphabets of S must be formed using the remaining lower case alphabets.
Finally, the program must print the string S as the output.
Note: The English alphabet set must be considered in a cyclic fashion for the M and N alphabet.
Boundary Condition(s):
1 <= M, N <= 1000
1 <= K <= 26
Input Format:
The first line contains M, N and K separated by a space.
Output Format:
The first line contains the string S.
Example Input/Output 1:
Input:
5 8 10
Output:
eifkgmhojq
Explanation:
The 26 lower case alphabets are abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
M = 5, N = 8 and K = 10.
Here we need to form a string of length 10.
1 alphabet of S = 5 lower case alphabet e.
Now the remaining lower case alphabets are abcdfghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
2 alphabet of S = 8 lower case alphabet i.
Now the remaining lower case alphabets are abcdfghjklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
3 alphabet of S = 5 lower case alphabet f.
Now the remaining lower case alphabets are abcdghjklmnopqrstuvwxyz.
4 alphabet of S = 8 lower case alphabet k.
Now the remaining lower case alphabets are abcdghjlmnopqrstuvwxyz.
Similarly, the remaining 6 alphabets of S are formed using the remaining lower case alphabets.
The string S is eifkgmhojq, which is printed as the output.
Example Input/Output 2:
Input:
30 27 5
Output:
dbhfl